What's the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
Where do boats go when they're sick? To the dock.
What's the advantage of living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus!
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto!
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You're under a vest!
You can't trust atoms. They make up everything!
I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it's pointless.
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
What do astronauts eat for protein? Launch Meat.
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
What days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are week (weak) days!
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume.
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there's a salad dressing.
I'd like to have kids one day. I don't think I could stand them any longer than that, though.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn't peeling well.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school. It's ok he woke up.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1.
My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef Jerky.
I'm thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn't see the ewe turn.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
Mom texted me from the grocery store to say they're out of pasta, and we're penneless.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, 'Let's make this interesting.' So we stopped playing chess.
A sandwich walks into a bar. The barman says: 'sorry we don't serve food here'
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, 'Can't you just use a sponge?'
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
What has five toes and isn't your foot? My foot.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
I dreamt about drowing in an ocean made of orange soda last night. It took me a while to work out it was just a Fanta Sea.
Son: Dad, can I watch the TV? Dad: Sure, just don't turn it on.
My cat was just sick on the carpet. I don't think he's feline well.
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
My wife and I laugh at how competitive we are. But I laugh more.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
How come the Hulk doesn't lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
Held a poker night where the buy in was a prime ribeye. I invited my brother but he said the steaks were too high.
Why don't seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they'd be bagels (bay gulls).
I'd avoid the sushi if I were you. It's a little fishy!
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it's more of a wrap.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? To find himself.
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don't get it.
What's the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why did the cowboy adopt a wiener dog? He wanted to get a long little doggy.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say 'cheese.'
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
'What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.'
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
I have a joke about being an electrician, but it's too shocking.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
What's the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
'Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.'
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice.
After dinner my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
My wife asked why I didn't buy her flowers. To be fair, I didn't know she sold flowers.
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own set of scales.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
I just found out I'm colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn't come with a driver. I can't believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
